Updating profiling docs to fix usability issues (#264)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids-tools: core/docs/spark-profiling-tool.md

[Apache Spark Monitoring](http://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/monitoring.html) documentation for
more information.

### Step 1a: Download the tools jar

> - Download the Spark RAPIDS tools jar from [Maven repository](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark-tools_2.12/22.12.0/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download the latest RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark jar from [Maven repository](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark-tools_2.12/)
```

Author: OK will change

> - Download the Spark RAPIDS tools jar from [Maven repository](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark-tools_2.12/22.12.0/)

Author: oK, will remove specific version and just have parent directory

> If you want to compile the jars, please refer to the instructions [here](./spark-qualification-tool.md#How-to-compile-the-tools-jar).

Reviewer: Shouldn't we also point to the index page ?

Author: I'm not sure what you mean.  The compile steps are a section in the qual tool doc.

> If you want to compile the jars, please refer to the instructions [here](./spark-qualification-tool.md#How-to-compile-the-tools-jar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to compile RAPIDS Accelerator jars from source, please refer to the instructions [here](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids-tools/tree/main/core#build).
```

### Step 1b: Download the Apache Spark 3 distribution
The Profiling tool requires the Spark 3.x jars to be able to run but does not need an Apache Spark run time.
If you do not already have Spark 3.x installed, 
you can download the Spark distribution to any machine and include the jars in the classpath.

> - [Download Apache Spark 3.x](http://spark.apache.org/downloads.html) - Spark 3.1.1 for Apache Hadoop is recommended

Reviewer: Historically, parsing the eventlogs was based on spark-3.1.1. Recently, we noticed some expressions/ops were different across Spark releases.
We fixed the major gaps but it is more like a moving target. I am doing some slow progress on restructuring the unit-tests to work on all Spark releases. Then, we can drop the "_recommended_" value

> - [Download Apache Spark 3.x](http://spark.apache.org/downloads.html) - Spark 3.1.1 for Apache Hadoop is recommended

Author: I'll remove the link re: Spark 3.1.1 being recommended

> - [Download Apache Spark 3.x](http://spark.apache.org/downloads.html) - Spark 3.1.1 for Apache Hadoop is recommended

Reviewer 2: I defer to @amahussein on whether this is better?

> - [Download Apache Spark 3.x](http://spark.apache.org/downloads.html) - Spark 3.1.1 for Apache Hadoop is recommended

Reviewer: I think it is okay to remove it.

### Step 2 How to run the Profiling tool
The profiling tool parses the Spark CPU or GPU event log(s) and creates an output report.

> We need to extract the Spark distribution into a local directory if necessary.  To run the tool, please note the following:

Author: OK, will fix

     com.nvidia.spark.rapids.tool.profiling.ProfileMain  /eventlogDir
    ```

Run `--help` for more information.

## Understanding Profiling tool detailed output and examples
The default output location is the current directory. 
The output location can be changed using the `--output-directory` option.
The output goes into a sub-directory named `rapids_4_spark_profile/` inside that output location.

> - If running in normal collect mode, it processes event log individually and outputs files for each application under

Author: OK, will fix

- If running combine mode the output is put under a directory named `rapids_4_spark_profile/combined/` and creates a summary
text file named `rapids_4_spark_tools_combined.log`.
- If running compare mode the output is put under a directory named `rapids_4_spark_profile/compare/` and creates a summary
text file named `rapids_4_spark_tools_compare.log`.
The output will go into your default filesystem and the tool supports local filesystem or HDFS.

If you are on an HDFS cluster, then the default filesystem is likely HDFS for both the input and output
so if you want to point to the local filesystem be sure to include `file:` in the path.
There are separate files that are generated under the same sub-directory when using the options to generate query
visualizations or printing the SQL plans.
Optionally if the `--csv` option is specified then it creates a csv file for each table for each application in the
corresponding sub-directory.

Additional notes:
- There is a 100 characters limit for each output column. If the result of the column exceeds this limit, it is suffixed with

> ... for that column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`...` for that column.
```

Author: OK, will fix

- ResourceProfile ids are parsed for the event logs that are from Spark 3.1 or later.  A ResourceProfile allows the user
to specify executor and task requirements for an RDD that will get applied during a stage.  This allows the user to change
the resource requirements between stages.

#### A. Collect Information or Compare Information(if more than 1 event logs are as input and option --compare is specified)
- Application information
- Application log path mapping
- Data Source information
- Executors information
- Job, stage and SQL ID information
- SQL to stage information
- Rapids related parameters
- Spark Properties
- Rapids Accelerator jar

> - WholeStageCodeGen to node mappings (only applies to CPU plans)

Author: yep, you're right.  i'll fix it.

> |1       |0    |7     |WholeStageCodegen (2)|Sort               |8           |

Reviewer 2: Maybe note that WholeStageCodeGen to Node Mapping is only for CPU runs here as well (at top of this section).

Author: ok, i'll add a note

  - 'spark.sql.adaptive.enabled' should be enabled for better performance.
  ```

### Generating Visualizations

- Print SQL Plans (--print-plans option):
Prints the SQL plan as a text string to a file named `planDescriptions.log`.
For example if your application id is app-20210507103057-0000, then the

> filename will be `planDescriptions.log`

Reviewer 2: This is kind of an odd example?   Maybe remove it.  I think the file is always called just `planDescriptions.log`?

Author: Agreed.  I'll remove it.

- Generate DOT graph for each SQL (--generate-dot option):

```
Generated DOT graphs for app app-20210507103057-0000 to /path/. in 17 second(s)

> ```

Reviewer 2: We might want to note that this generates multiple dot files.  I guess it kind of says that.  When I ran it on a power-run, I got one for each query: `query-0.dot`, etc...

Author: OK, i'll add a note.
